\input texinfo   @c -*- texinfo -*-
@c SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2026 Mohamed Hammad <Mohamed.Hammad@SpacecraftSoftware.org>
@c SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0
@c
@c Spacecraft Software API-reference template.  Demonstrates the definition
@c commands for documenting a typed (Rust/Go/C) public API plus a function
@c index.  Builds clean with:  makeinfo --no-split THISFILE.texi
@c %**start of header
@setfilename libproject.info
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@settitle libproject API Reference 1.0
@c %**end of header

@set PROJECT libproject
@set VERSION 1.0
@set UPDATED 2026-06-19
@set SUBDOMAIN https://PROJECT.SpacecraftSoftware.org/

@copying
This is the API reference for @value{PROJECT} (version @value{VERSION},
updated @value{UPDATED}).

Copyright @copyright{} 2026 Mohamed Hammad & Spacecraft Software.

@quotation
This document is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike
4.0 International License (CC-BY-SA-4.0).  To view a copy of this licence,
visit @url{https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/}.
@end quotation
@end copying

@dircategory Spacecraft Software
@direntry
* libproject: (libproject).     API reference for libproject.
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title @value{PROJECT} API Reference
@subtitle For version @value{VERSION}
@author Mohamed Hammad
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying

Maintained by Mohamed Hammad
@email{Mohamed.Hammad@@SpacecraftSoftware.org}.
@*
@uref{@value{SUBDOMAIN}}
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top @value{PROJECT}

@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Overview::            Crate summary.
* Types::               Public data types.
* Functions::           Public functions.
* Constants::           Public constants.
* Function Index::      Index of documented items.
@end menu

@node Overview
@chapter Overview

@cindex overview
@value{PROJECT} provides @dots{}.  Summarise the crate and its module layout.

@node Types
@chapter Types

@c A data type / enum.  Category, then name, then attributes.
@deftp {Type} Shell ash bash ion nu pwsh sh
An enumeration of the shells @value{PROJECT} can detect.  Each variant names a
supported shell; @code{Unknown} is returned when no shell can be identified.
@end deftp

@node Functions
@chapter Functions

@c A typed function: @deftypefn category return-type name arguments
@deftypefn {Function} {Result<Shell, DetectError>} detect ()
Detect the shell of the current process by inspecting the environment and the
parent process.  Returns @code{Ok(Shell)} on success, or
@code{Err(DetectError)} when detection fails.
@end deftypefn

@deftypefn {Function} {Result<Shell, DetectError>} detect_from (@var{pid})
Like @code{detect}, but begins the search at process @var{pid} instead of the
current process.
@end deftypefn

@node Constants
@chapter Constants

@c A typed variable/constant: @deftypevr category data-type name
@deftypevr {Constant} {&'static str} VERSION
The crate version string, e.g.@: @code{"1.0.0"}.
@end deftypevr

@node Function Index
@unnumbered Function Index

@printindex fn

@bye
