\input texinfo   @c -*- texinfo -*-
@c SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2026 Mohamed Hammad <Mohamed.Hammad@SpacecraftSoftware.org>
@c SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0
@c
@c Spacecraft Software prose-manual template. Replace PROJECT / VERSION / the
@c body, keep the structure and the house-style header. Builds clean with:
@c     makeinfo --no-split THISFILE.texi
@c %**start of header
@setfilename project.info
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@settitle PROJECT Manual 1.0
@c %**end of header

@set PROJECT PROJECT
@set VERSION 1.0
@set UPDATED 2026-06-19
@set SUBDOMAIN https://PROJECT.SpacecraftSoftware.org/

@copying
This manual is for @value{PROJECT} (version @value{VERSION}, updated
@value{UPDATED}).

Copyright @copyright{} 2026 Mohamed Hammad & Spacecraft Software.

@quotation
This document is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike
4.0 International License (CC-BY-SA-4.0).  To view a copy of this licence,
visit @url{https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/}.
@end quotation
@end copying

@dircategory Spacecraft Software
@direntry
* PROJECT: (project).           One-line description of PROJECT.
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title @value{PROJECT} Manual
@subtitle For version @value{VERSION}
@author Mohamed Hammad
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying

Maintained by Mohamed Hammad
@email{Mohamed.Hammad@@SpacecraftSoftware.org}.
@*
@uref{@value{SUBDOMAIN}}
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top @value{PROJECT}

@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Introduction::        What @value{PROJECT} is and who it is for.
* Getting Started::     Installation and first run.
* Usage::               Day-to-day operation.
* Index::               Complete index.
@end menu

@node Introduction
@chapter Introduction

@cindex introduction
@value{PROJECT} is @dots{}.  Describe the purpose, audience, and scope here.

@node Getting Started
@chapter Getting Started

@cindex installation
Explain installation and the first run.

@example
$ project --version
@end example

@node Usage
@chapter Usage

@cindex usage
Describe day-to-day operation.  Use @code{@@table} for option lists,
@code{@@example} for transcripts, and @code{@@deffn}-family commands for any
API surface (see the software-manual template).

@node Index
@unnumbered Index

@printindex cp

@bye
